README.md, before:

# Brandon-Chattha.github.io
Website for my digital portfolio

## WireFrame description:
I felt a simple design would be best as this website will be used for more formal purposes. Keeping it short and sweet with little personal information and all necessary work-related information. I decided a linear form of reading would be simplest so nobody has to worry about jumping from the left side of the screen to the right, not knowing where they should be going. First is a short biography including my student status and a couple interests as well as a photo of me any my favourite instrument. Next is all my work experience. It isn't much, but it will grow over time. The picture there is of what the "Maze Game" I made along side Paul Huang looked like after we finished. Finally there are the three social medias where I am most active and can be reached the easiest.

## Reason for Choosing MIT License:
Honestly it was the one that was recommended, it seems simple enough, and the license didn't disagree with any of my values so I thought "It's easy enough to choose this"

[Project Repo Link](https://github.com/Carbonate1/Brandon-Chattha.github.io.git)

[Project Website Link](https://carbonate1.github.io/Brandon-Chattha.github.io/)

Commit message:

Added answers to follow up questions:

README.md, after:

# Brandon-Chattha.github.io
Website for my digital portfolio

## WireFrame description:
I felt a simple design would be best as this website will be used for more formal purposes. Keeping it short and sweet with little personal information and all necessary work-related information. I decided a linear form of reading would be simplest so nobody has to worry about jumping from the left side of the screen to the right, not knowing where they should be going. First is a short biography including my student status and a couple interests as well as a photo of me any my favourite instrument. Next is all my work experience. It isn't much, but it will grow over time. The picture there is of what the "Maze Game" I made along side Paul Huang looked like after we finished. Finally there are the three social medias where I am most active and can be reached the easiest.

## Reason for Choosing MIT License:
Honestly it was the one that was recommended, it seems simple enough, and the license didn't disagree with any of my values so I thought "It's easy enough to choose this"

## Follow Up Questions
What is a favicon and why is it important for SEO?
    A favicon is a small icon that appears next to the website like in your searchbar while on the the site. It's important for SEO because having a distinct favicon can make your design stand out and be memorable. If your website provides a service similar to others, a favicon can help you stand out among others.
What are Github Pages? How do they differ from a regular webpage?
    Pages publish an index file from a repo to a website. Its main difference from a regular webpage is the fact that it can automatically update your webpage whenever you push something to the correct branch in your repo. Another difference is Pages provides a default domain for your website in the form of username.github.io
What are Github Actions? Provide an example of a .yml file that you used in your lab and explain what it does, line by line in plain English.
    Actions allows you to automate tasks like testing, building and deploying code from your repo. With the integration of Actions, continuous integration and continuous deployment are possible. I did not use .yml file
What technology stack did you use to develop this website? Why did you choose this stack?
    I used only HTML as that's all I needed. Everything was formatted just as I wanted with only this lanuage.

[Project Repo Link](https://github.com/Carbonate1/Brandon-Chattha.github.io.git)

[Project Website Link](https://carbonate1.github.io/Brandon-Chattha.github.io/)
